can give me a little feedback on the chat that would be really great I don't expect everybody there CQ CQ CQ this is whiskey 3 JJW whiskey 3 JJW whiskey 3 Juliet Juliet whiskey thank you very much for joining me everybody this is Gigo and biological I'm just gonna go through the intro really quick because we have a guest waiting
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good afternoon, everyone.
From Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this is Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I find myself in the same hamster wheel as you are, trying to stay focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media and trying to love my neighbor.
Your consciousness is still the prime real estate that these people are trying to occupy.
They're using social media and our acquiescence to it to do that very thing, to achieve that very thing.
And we actually inherited these charlatans from our parents.
It's not totally our fault.
It's a multi-generational game that these people are playing.
They inherited
from their mentors and it's not just the people on TV but also on social media.
There are coordinated groups of people that are ignoring the biology of intramuscular injection being ridiculous for an intent of augmenting the immune system.
The idea that transfection was always criminal.
These are old technologies.
And finally, RNA cannot pandemic is gonna be one of the most famous phrases to come out of
2023 or 2022 whenever as I first said it.
Ladies and gentlemen, Edward Bernays told you, Noam Chomsky told you, it is a very lively debate within a very controlled spectrum.
And now that we've acquiesced to social media, now that they kicked us out of that moving truck,
and pretended to pick us up on the side of the road and whispered a story of a novel virus into our ears.
We've been led to believe that Gain of Function is real, and even if it wasn't this time, it definitely will come again.
And of course, the real reason why they had to do this was because they had a population problem to manage.
A lot of old people going into retirement, going to cost Medicaid and Medicare a lot of money.
And so they needed to use an elaborate story that has no epidemiological evidence of spread.
They needed to put some lawyers in place that wouldn't talk about anything useful.
And they needed to run the clock out on this while they used murder and lies to manage the problem.
The vaccine schedule in the USA is criminal as far as Jonathan Cooey is concerned.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal and RNA cannot pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is an illusion of consensus that's been created by them.
These humans that are on the internet and on the interwebs playing games with us on social media.
The social media is not the free town square nonsense that we're being led to believe.
Elon Musk didn't purchase Twitter and just save us before the bell.
This is a new kind of totalitarianism where highly trained acolytes will do an elaborate performance on social media and will make us believe that we're being heard, make us believe that progress is being made, maybe even give us hope about what's to come.
And all of these people are put there by weaponized piles of money that are governing us with a narrative, mostly a mythology.
And by engaging in social media, that's exactly what you're going to accept.
There is no way otherwise it can work because it's a military program.
It's not an algorithm.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm a recovering academic biologist, neurobiologist to be precise.
I was a microscope jockey and a butcher of mice.
Giga ohm biological, that little phrase comes from the electrical recordings I used to make, the methodology.
There's me again with my microscope.
GigaOM can be found at stream.gigaom.bio slash home.
It's my own peer tube site.
All the videos are hosted there without an algorithm, without having to log in.
You can download them and share them whenever you want to.
And gigaombiological.com is a place where you can support me.
Thank you very much.
Today on the show, I have a friend of mine from late 2022.
I met through Stephen Frost.
of the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International Group.
Meredith Miller has a website www.innerintegration.com.
I was really impressed with the last time that we talked because she was able to articulate how it is that this mass psychosis idea is a little bit disingenuous and a little bit misleading in terms of trying to explain the
the psychological state that was induced in 2020 and sustained, maybe even up until right now, we're going to find out from her.
And I just want to update you on exactly why we are together today with Meredith.
I think I'm just going to drop myself down here on the bottom.
Robert Malone is a guy who kind of
flashed on the scene sometime in 2021 to start telling us a story about how he was actually on the scene already in early 2020.
In fact, in the first week of January, because he got a call from his friend who said that something crazy was happening in Wuhan, and then he spun his team up, and he's a Ditra guy, and he used generative AI and
and x-ray crystallography models of two different proteins in the virus to scan all of the nutraceuticals in the FDA catalog to identify ivermectin, silicoxib, famotidine, and, come on, I just lost it, and there's one more, remdesivir, and then I was working behind the scenes to get those drugs tested for a year or so, and then at some point found it necessary to come out on the Brett Weinstein podcast and the Joe Rogan podcast and tell us that
These shots might not be for everybody Now I promised Meredith that we weren't going to talk about people in a negative way So I'm not talking about Robert Malone in a negative way.
I wanted to understand the history because it's actually his recent substack From November 8th is the reason why Meredith and I got in contact again now I
I think she was a little shocked to get a random message from me.
We were in zero contact since she was on my show.
She could have already assumed that, wow, after having me on, he's never even said hello.
He didn't even send me an email.
I wonder what kind of a clown that was.
So in a way, I was really embarrassed.
I watched the old video of her that's in my archive, and I made this really long introduction, which I seem to be doing again.
And she was waiting in the background.
Now, it's quite embarrassing, actually, how long I made her wait.
But this time, it's for real.
because Robert Malone suddenly decided to make this video, which is not just some video, it's a video of me, a video of Mark Kulak that you all know has been my friend for a good three years now, ever since we met in person for the first time at the inaugural CHD conference in Knoxville, Tennessee.
And so that's not only a video of me and Mark, it's also a video where they use footage of Meredith talking about a certain, whatever, I don't know, Darvo or something.
and also it is a video produced by these anonymous accounts on Twitter that I've been saying for a year or two years or four years now can't be trusted because they could even be anonymous accounts being run by people that you know or interact with and I tried to give a number of examples of how
I've been told by people on Twitter that other people on Twitter are bad, but then those people seem to work and show up in the same places all the time, and it started to become obvious to me that they were coordinating.
So this seems to be a weird admission because the video is, of course, I don't know if it's aware for everybody of Robert Malone's substack, but these videos are pulled from a guy by the name of Kevin McCairn.
who after doing 5 streams with me in March of 2020
Went on to basically harass me from afar Japan or wherever he lives for three years there I have over four terabytes of video of this guy where he spends sometimes hours on me and it's extraordinary how the vitriol and racism and slander and bad words and nonsense and anti-semitism that he throws out it's extraordinary the kinds of
video that this guy has made over the last five years and how many hours are devoted to me and then to have Robert Malone decide to pull this video is really incredible.
So some things to note and I think this is also to set Meredith up in the right way because I have been watching this pattern for a while.
He provides a link to the X account that made the video, the anonymous mouse account.
He posted on X an anonymous rodent account.
The video is composed of clips from Kevin McCarron and Charles Rixey.
Of course, I have a long five-year history with them.
The video uses clips of Meredith Miller interviewed on the 22nd of December, 2022 by Stephen Frost.
Just covering this again.
The video also uses a clip of Mark Kulak, but there are no links to Meredith.
No, Meredith is from inner integration.
And what's strange is that he uses what Meredith says in the video, I think to imply that Mark and I are abusers who have been discovered.
And so then double down and pretend we are the victims.
And so it's not even that Meredith is actually being implied to be bad.
She is implied to be the psychologist who can explain what I guess is happening when in the videos of Mark and I. And that's what's extraordinary.
No links for Mark, no name, no name for me, no name for Meredith.
Just a video of the three of us with links to the anonymous Twitter account.
Thanks, Robert.
And the videos that they used are all clipped from who I can only call as obviously somebody who is deeply involved in this because otherwise he wouldn't have spent the thousands, almost hours on me over the last five years.
So this is just a quick play of it.
You can see here, it's on his little website.
I'm gonna scroll down and it's the second video actually, here it is.
Why?
Well, I'll tell you why.
Because Richard Fleming and Charles Rixey and Kevin McCairn.
And so you can see already here, just to interrupt it, that this is from Charles Rixey and Kevin McCairn, where they were used.
There's a gigaspiral.
If you go on
on rumble and look up gigaspire you can probably find 30 videos hours long where they're saying something like i'm raising money to to earn crack cocaine money or that i'm on crack or that i'm losing my mind so that's that's what's that's what this little thing is taken from kevin mckernan and jessica rose and all these other fakers you know when abusers are found out what do they do they double down they play the victim
I'm sure we're under attack.
That's because they're traitors, ladies and gentlemen.
They're all traitors.
That's what you should see.
They are all traitors.
These people right here are all traitors.
One of the things we call in the terminology of narcissistic abuse is DARVO.
It's an acronym.
Denial, attack, reverse, victim and offender.
What does that mean?
You tell a person this is abusive, they flip it around on you.
Now you're the abuser and they're the victim.
and we can watch this.
And I'm sure that we are under attack by a lot of different by and a lot of different angles but one of them is anonymous accounts that pretend to be good.
My army is unstoppable.
Each mouse more deadly than the last.
And of course, this video is taken from a specific video on a specific night.
The anonymous mouse, which used to be funny until.
It's interesting, I think, for Meredith to know that I put that hat on very specifically because I noticed that these people were doing their little game.
And so after a two hour or two and a half hour stream in the last 10 minutes, I put that hat on.
because I knew that if they made any meme of me in that hat, that it meant that they had to have watched the whole two and a half hour stream because otherwise they wouldn't have caught me in the hat.
And so I find it also very hilarious that he used that clip because the only reason why I put it on was to demonstrate that they were watching all hours of me.
And this is Mark Kulak, of course.
Meredith, I don't think has met Mark, but I would vouch for Mark as a good guy because,
We've met a number of times.
We've shared rental cars and hotel rooms.
And I think it's pretty hard to lie to somebody.
It's pretty hard to lie to me.
And so over those many, many hours, I've come to trust Mark as a real friend.
He's one of the few guys who will ever promote my work.
I mean, really one of the very few.
gentleman out there.
It realizes, or it's been called out, that its actions and the things that it won't say effectively are facilitating murder.
And I mean that sincerely.
There are people that are dead because of the way these online accounts work.
They are part of, they are assisting this murder.
You know, when abusers are found out, what do they do?
They double down, they play the victim.
And so that video is the reason why we are getting together.
If I hit escape, oh, there we go.
It's finally there.
Sorry, surprise, surprise.
Meredith, thank you very much for joining me.
I really appreciate this.
I know that, I guess when I sent you the video, you weren't even aware of it.
It's probably much better that you don't pay attention to these things that are going on with regard to the biology.
and what's happening with these people that are riding the coattails of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., or appear to be, from my perspective.
So we haven't talked in a couple years.
I want to just give you the floor.
I did my introduction.
And if you want to tell people what you've been up to since and what your impression of when you saw this maybe, maybe is a good way to kick it off.
But really, just take it wherever you want to go.
And if I have a question, I'll interrupt.
Thank you very much.
Yeah that was wild when you sent me that video because you know it's just how what the media does is they'll take clips of people or clips of things that happen and then they'll distort that or misrepresent it in some way and obviously people are allowed to do that you know you can take clips of things online and put it out and that doesn't
make it right, but it is legal for them to do.
It's up to the viewer to have the discernment and the wisdom.
And that discernment is a skill that is ever more essential in these times because there are so many lies.
And not just from, you know, what we perceive to be the enemy, the opposite side, you know, it's just the lies are everywhere.
So it's really important to develop discernment, to tune into that discernment.
And that discernment usually comes through painful experiences where you learn the hard way.
You have those experiences with people, with situations, with groups even.
where you thought it was going to be one thing and then it turns out to be completely the opposite or even somebody offers you help and it turns out that that help had strings attached and actually their intention the whole time was to abuse you.
So it really is up to the viewer to do some research, to reflect, to question, and to use your critical thinking.
right?
Because the whole problem is that people are losing access to their higher consciousness.
They're losing access to the critical thinking, but also the higher consciousness of insight and intuition about what's going on.
People are losing this ability because they're getting locked in these fear states, right?
It's been years now of bombardment of fear by the media,
all kinds of different directions even you know you go to the grocery store and you're still hearing that bombardment in the background on the loudspeaker you walk into the store and like it's already on the wall like you know it's time to get your vaccine now you know at the grocery store
So the problem is that that fear bombardment is locking people in lower states of consciousness, where they're getting triggered into what we call primal states or states of defense.
So that's the fight, flight, freeze, and fawn states.
And we all get triggered into any of these states.
But what happens is, depending on however our childhood went,
Everybody had some kind of stress.
Most people had some kind of trauma in childhood.
Sometimes they aren't things that are easily identifiable.
Sometimes it's not war and outward abuse and things like that.
Sometimes it's much more subtle, like neglect, right?
If you grew up with emotional neglect, maybe all your needs were met.
Maybe you even came from a higher economically status family, so you assumed like neglect.
No, I wasn't neglected at all.
But you don't realize you are emotionally neglected.
So then you grow up and you think that your needs don't matter.
You've never been in reciprocal relationships.
You're used to sacrificing yourself and putting someone else first.
That's called fawning.
That's one of those four defense mechanisms.
And so whatever happened in childhood, some people learn to fight.
They learned that was the best way to survive whatever intensely stressful thing was going on.
And then in adulthood, they're fighting all the time.
It's very difficult to connect with them because they just want to fight you on everything that you say, right?
But where does that come from?
Like at a time in childhood, that was the intelligent response.
And then it becomes maladaptive in adulthood.
Or maybe you learned that things were so stressful in your family that your only escape was to go up to your room
and close the door if you're allowed to do that and kind of just zone out or go into fantasy or go into video games or something to escape reality or maybe someplace, you know, in the yard if you weren't really allowed off the premises.
Or maybe, you know, then that carries into adulthood, right?
And then you develop things like alcoholism, food addictions, constant traveling just to, you know, avoid your feelings in your life situation.
Or maybe you learn to fawn.
Maybe that's what kept you safe in childhood.
Sorry, you learn to freeze.
Maybe that's what kept you safe in childhood where it was just so terrifying.
There was no escape.
There was nowhere to go.
Maybe you're in a car on a car trip.
So what do you do?
You shut down.
Your whole nervous system shuts down.
It's not a choice.
It's not a conscious choice when you're a kid.
It just happens.
And so you shut down.
You go into that freeze state.
But that freeze state is really built into the mammalian biological system where you're only supposed to be in that for a very short period of time.
Like a cat will catch a mouse, the mouse fiends death.
What does that mean?
Their body is shutting down vital systems, digestion, respiration.
heart rate, vital systems that you need to live are getting shut down.
That's why it's a short term strategy.
But because as humans, sometimes we're stuck in these situations where there's seemingly no escape.
As I explained in our last conversation about what happened with the whole COVID
campaign in that narrative.
And so when we feel like there's no escape and we can't stay in that shut down state, we go into functional freeze state, we go into dissociation.
So we move into flight.
And so we basically, we check out, we disappear.
And when, when we're not really there, we can't feel what's going on.
The body mind is disconnected.
We can't really access those higher states of consciousness.
right so we all tend to go into one of those states based on or maybe more a combination of those states depending on our childhood upbringing and so it's good to identify what those are for each one of us because with all this stuff going on in the world you go online or you listen to something
one of those states is probably getting triggered.
Right.
So notice what it is that's going to come up in your relational capacity as well.
So when you're in intimate partnerships, when you're in friendships, when you're with anybody, those defense mechanisms will come up when you sense you're when your nervous system senses danger or life threat.
And that could simply be somebody saying something bad about you or even for some people, like if somebody disagrees with you, that can feel like a life threat because maybe in childhood that was threatening.
You weren't allowed to disagree.
And if you said something that an abusive parent disagreed with, you were in big trouble, right?
So all kinds of these dynamics happen.
It's really good for us to be aware of what state am I in right now?
Notice those maladaptive strategies, validate, okay, there was a time in childhood when that was the intelligent, innate capacity for you to survive.
So you gotta validate that.
And then you gotta recognize how it's sabotaging your life.
and how you can change and make new choices and reprogram your nervous system now in adulthood, because the more we can get into those states, it's called in the polyvagal theory, safe and social, or what they also say in biology, like rest and digest, when you're in that state, when you're in a secure state, you have the capacity to emotionally connect with another person.
You're not emotionally connecting with someone when you're fighting, fleeing, freezing, and fawning.
It's not a real connection, even if somebody's right there.
So when we access that state, that inner state of peace, right?
Where no matter what chaos is going on in the world, can we shift the nervous system into that state of inner peace?
And then you have access to those higher faculties of consciousness.
That's why JJ put at the beginning that war on consciousness.
I forget what the quote was that you put.
The whole thing is about overcoming our ability to use our higher states of consciousness.
right and so back to that video though you know i quite i was like why did they use that video of me so like if you wanted to talk about darvo like let's say the point of of that video was to use darvo against jj you'd probably go on youtube you type in darvo and you're gonna get tons of videos that come up
in the results.
But the fact that this person went out of their way to find a video that I did that's not really easily accessible online, like it's certainly not going to come up in a YouTube algorithm and a search engine like that.
And I think that video was actually from my first interview with the Berlin Corona Committee in 2021.
I'm not positive, but I think it was from then.
It's not easy to find online.
It was heavily censored.
Maybe it's up there somewhere, but that person really went out of their way to find that.
When there were so many other easy resources to find.
Also, I said it inaccurately.
I think I said denial instead of deny.
So if the person was actually going for accuracy and they wanted to actually use an act like they would have gone to somebody else or some other better video about it.
than me who made a mistake even in what I was saying, right?
But when I reflected on that, when I tuned into my own intuition, I was like, you know, it really does seem like it was chosen to position two people in this medical freedom movement, whatever you want to call it, against one another.
That's the divide and conquer strategy.
And people take that bait all the time.
That's one of the oldest manipulation strategies that happens in every abusive system.
So if you look at like a family structure in an abusive system, that divide and conquer is always used to pit everybody against one another.
They're always disturbing, distorting, perverting the communication among people.
And then telling lies or smearing people or even revealing secrets or things like this that would like maybe embarrass somebody if somebody else knew, like maybe they had like a, you know, something embarrassing happened to them in their life and they trusted some person, they share that.
But oftentimes it's like a smear campaign that goes on and they're telling these lies to one person, they're telling the lies to the other person.
Why?
Because they wanna make it impossible for other people in that system to have communication.
They want everybody turning
to the abuser they want everybody's loyalty toward the abuser make it impossible that the people ever connect in a way that they can say hey enough of that we're done with this right so the divide and conquer strategy that isolates anybody who threatens the power structure in that system
And we've seen this throughout the years, right?
There's been like a lot of infighting or whatever among this medical freedom group.
And actually, you know, it's unfortunate because it's really a distraction from our focus and our goals.
And it's actually playing right into the hands of the abusers, let's say like the higher up abusers, because in every abusive system, there's a hierarchy of abuser.
It's never one abuser, right?
It's a hierarchy.
And they have like a whole hierarchy of power amongst themselves.
And so what we're doing, you know, essentially there can be abusers down in this movement as well.
Right.
But really what that does is it plays into the hands of that system.
It plays into the hands of the controllers who need to divide and conquer us.
And it makes us enablers of the abuse.
Right.
So it's important for us to remember, like fighting is not empowerment.
Fighting is one of those defense mechanisms.
And so we get triggered by a perceived danger and we're fighting and then we're focusing on, you know, the abuser and what's happening.
We're losing total focus of what really matters, what we're really trying to accomplish, right?
Which is talking about what's happening and creating solutions and getting to the bottom of this.
And we can really get stuck in those states.
And so remember, where are you at right now?
We can always all check in, where am I at right now?
How am I being emotionally manipulated and triggered in this moment?
Before you type some response online, before you run down some train path of what is real and what happened, really come back to center and notice where are you at right now?
Do you have access to your critical thinking?
Do you have access to your intuition and your insights?
And how are you participating in that?
because I'm also seeing like a lot of rage and wrath that's getting stirred and like, you know, even people looking for revenge out there.
And sometimes people think that, you know, it's it's normal to have a fantasy of revenge when you've been abused, when you've been traumatized by somebody.
Right.
It's normal to have that.
It's not OK to act on that.
Right.
Thinking it is one thing.
It's not a thought crime.
But if you act on that, that's wrong.
because when what happens you become like the abuser that's how evil tricks you into becoming evil and then you're carrying the massive weight of that regret which is way worse on your conscience than the resentment towards somebody who hurt you right so what happens is the abusers always trick the targets into destroying themselves particularly the more covert abusers because
They want to look like they're the heroes.
They're saving everybody.
And so what they do is they get you to destroy yourself.
That way they can look like they haven't done anything wrong.
So when we get caught up in that divide and conquer, it keeps us on the defensive.
It keeps us distracted from what really matters.
And then we're not living our best life.
and also the really really tough part is that all this abuse all this trauma has happened in the world and of course it's not new since 2020 but let's say since 2020 what's happened we can all even those of us who are trying to talk about the truth we can get too caught up in focusing on the perpetrators and that's usually a losing battle
The same will happen in the family system.
Even if you get out of that abusive family system, if you spend the rest of your life just trying to point out evidence and trying to point out who the abusers are and trying to convince people who the abusers are, people don't usually want to hear it.
They don't want to know.
Usually they don't believe you.
You know, when you've tried to present evidence of COVID and all the things were going on, people didn't want to see it.
Even as the truth keeps coming out and out and out.
And some people think, oh yeah, the truth is all going to come out.
It's all going to be over.
Everybody's going to wake up.
That's not what's going to happen.
The truth is going to keep coming out and people are going to keep looking away.
most people, right?
More people are going to keep waking up, but most people are just going to look away.
So here's the challenge, right?
Perpetrators are entirely responsible for what they did.
This is not a pass for what they did, right?
But trying to reveal and trying to punish them for what they did, it doesn't solve the systemic problem.
And even when you take down one abuser, like I said, there's a whole hierarchy.
And then there's people who are just like waiting in the shadows.
They can't wait to get into one of those positions on that hierarchy.
And so you take down one, you take down another.
It's like a game of whack-a-mole.
They just keep popping up.
Right.
And it's a distraction from healing, from living our life, from creating positive solutions.
Are you suggesting that if they release the Epstein list, that it's not going to fix all of our problems?
That all the bad guys will just be revealed?
And then we can fire them and replace them and it'll all be great.
I thought that was the key, right?
We just have to get that list.
It's like a carrot, right?
It's like that carrot of hope.
And it keeps you hanging on.
Oh, that'll be the day.
Oh, that'll be the day as soon as that comes out or this comes out or or all the vaccine records, you know, like whatever it is.
But like, for example, think think to when the big stuff was coming about the Catholic Church and all of the sexual abuse that took place.
I mean, it was like a huge thing.
Was that like 10, 15 years ago?
And I thought, oh, this will be the time like everybody wakes up and they stop enabling this cult and they stop enabling the sexual abuse of children.
And people just looked away.
Maybe they talked about it for a few days and maybe at one point there was some lucidity and sobriety in that conversation.
But a week later, it was like Groundhog Day, like it never happened.
And you see the same thing happening as more truth comes out about the COVID stuff.
It's like people maybe will talk about it, but then it disappears, and then most people, it's just like nothing ever happened.
Right.
What would your I mean, let me try to make a micro question here.
I don't know why this is popping in my head.
But if you're if you're talking about the abuse of like a husband, for example, then there is a person that needs the chat would say justice.
A person needs some something should happen where where I don't know, things are put on a scale and things are said and everybody acknowledges that this was wrong and that it's over.
Is there something extra traumatic about maybe being abused by social media personalities that it might not even be all people being abused by an algorithm or the deployment of it?
So I guess in the sense of,
of an abusive husband, it feels to me as though my gut feeling would be that the resolving of the divorce and the, you know, all the friends finding out what he did and whatever helps to also bring the victim back to full functioning, as you would say, and all these higher states of consciousness available to them again.
How does that jive with what you seem to just say there, which is that we should, although these were bad guys, we can't really do anything about it.
We should just kind of not try to get, I don't mean revenge, but how do we differentiate, there's another question.
How do we differentiate justice from revenge and those motivations?
Yeah, these are two different things.
And the really sad thing is even in that situation with like an abusive domestic violence kind of situation, there's very rarely justice.
Every now and then, I mean, I've heard thousands of stories over the year.
Every now and then I'll hear some stories where there's some big miracle.
where the court believes the victim or there's some kind of justice or people in the family system ostracize the abuser instead of the victim, but that rarely happens.
And that's the absolute tragedy of these situations is that most people in that system, and that includes friendships or the family or whatever, most people, the system will defend the system.
and the enablers in that system will defend the abuser or they'll look away because they're so hopelessly dependent on that system for something, whether it's financial, emotional, status, like whatever it is.
So when you come out of those abusive systems or marriages, whatever, you rarely have people from within that system who are allies and you rarely get justice.
And so, yeah, it would be awesome if we took these people to justice.
But if you look at like the Nuremberg trial, what did they hang?
A couple dozen people?
And those weren't even like the top people, right?
Like they just threw up a couple dozen people, you know, in the Nuremberg trial and then things went on.
Like what real justice was that that wasn't?
And so I think probably we're gonna see repetition of that.
And I'm not saying we should just totally forget about it.
It would be awesome if people who work in the justice system like attorneys and whatnot do that, that's their life path.
But what I'm saying is those of us who are coming through this abusive system, we cannot leave the outcome of our healing, of our thriving, of our moving forward
on the necessity to have that justice because it might not happen.
And what happens to most abusive victims is you have to find that closure within yourself.
You have to find the closure and the truth and knowing that truth, you have to validate yourself because you're rarely gonna get that validation from the abusive system.
Now in those family structures, sometimes victims will get, you know, they'll go online, they'll find communities, they'll talk to other people.
who have been abused in their own family systems, right?
And they understand because they went through something similar.
Those become important allies.
That's like those of us talking about what's happening.
We're all waking up in this system.
We're talking about it.
That is so important because as human beings, we have to be able to verify reality together.
Like it's really important to validate ourselves and not rely entirely on that external validation.
That's not healthy, that's very infantile.
And so it's not or, it's not black and white, it's a nuance.
And it's also important that we can verify reality together.
So what I'm saying is we can't hold on to moving on in healing based on like we have to get justice.
I hope one day we do.
And we also have to understand that we might not.
it might not happen, right?
Our powers and our choices, that's the only place we're going to find our power.
One of the chat people said, so when the government is the abuser, and maybe that speaks to something of what you're saying is that we are
What we have just recently experienced is a bunch of people thinking that they're voting their way out of it, right?
That they're voting their way to a better life or a better future.
And now they can go back to Netflix because they did their thing.
So maybe you can take that.
And I don't know, maybe that makes sense in this sense, too.
Totally.
And also I forgot to comment on what you were talking about beyond just the interpersonal aspect, but like online and like, is it AI?
Is it anonymous accounts?
You know, all of these things online.
That's even more difficult because it's so intangible.
Like there isn't even like a human there or there isn't a face there and like,
First of all, any anonymous account, they're not showing their name.
They're not showing their face.
That's already a red flag.
And most of the trolls online are anonymous because they don't want to show who they are.
To me, it's one of those things where anytime I hear someone blame the algorithm, I get a little upset, though, because I think
I think a lot of what's happening with regard to AI is trying to give the listener the idea that there is a software or a program that does stuff that the creators of it have no real responsibility for because we just made an algorithm and told it what to do and now these are the consequences of it.
The most egregious example of this is what's being done, I think, in Israel right now, where some of these attacks are actually directed by AI.
And then if the wrong person is hit, they say, well, you know, the AI is the one who said that that target was a high probability target.
And so I think that what is often being done with this rhetoric is that they try to offload the responsibility or the perceived sort of the forces at play onto the algorithm or the AI, when in reality, if they want
Meredith Miller to be invisible on the internet, they actually just type that in.
And if they want, I don't know, someone else to rise because they're about to nominate that person for some position, then they have them rise.
And it's not an AI that they have no control over.
It's a program that they have full control over.
Yeah, it's human engineers.
Yeah, right.
Programmed AI.
You know, it's so funny, though, how how they they just completely erase any responsibility for that.
So years ago, I went to this YouTube training when you hit a certain amount of followers on YouTube or subscribers, they send you to this training and it's like indoctrination.
And I was already feeling like,
Like there's tension inside to go, but I had to go.
I just knew I had to go.
And they start educating you about the ecosystem of YouTube.
And they tell you that there's three entities in the ecosystem.
The viewer, the person watching the video, the creator, that's you making the video, and the advertiser, the person who pays for the ads.
And if your video is not fully monetized, the algorithm automatically does not suggest you.
They don't give you that top real estate, which gets you suggested videos.
And I said, whoa.
Something's missing in this ecosystem here.
Let's talk.
Oh, ironically, these are the aspects that YouTube has full control over.
That would be the human engineers.
And that would be the algorithm which they program.
But how funny the whole thing is set up to blame you.
Oh, if your videos aren't doing good.
Oh, people don't want to watch them.
Oh, advertise them.
It's your fault.
Yeah.
It has nothing to do with us.
So yeah, that's really gross.
We're being gaslit by the AI and by humans.
But it's important, as JJ said, to remember, the AI is programmed by humans.
It is written into the code.
So that's really key.
But then back to this whole, OK, now we have this political flip.
The pendulum is swinging from one side to the other.
So what is this doing?
So unfortunately, I think it is using hope to numb out the resistance that was building during these years, during the COVID years.
And so what happens is like hope is a good thing.
I'm not saying hope is bad.
Remember, we're talking about nuances.
It's not black and white thinking.
right?
But hope can also be used against us.
And hope is used in every abusive situation.
JJ and I talked about this last time.
It's part of the Stockholm syndrome, the state of captivity, perceived acts of kindness that includes hope.
And so an abuser will always dose hope.
That could be future faking, you know, one day we're going to do this, one day I'm going to change, one day, you know, it'll all be good kind of thing.
That's a tactic to numb the target's critical mind and to gain compliance from the target because now the target's working harder, right?
They're investing more because they're like, oh, we're finally going to get what we want, right?
Despite all the harm being done.
And then you start to block out
all those hypocrisies like all that other stuff that's going on all the other red flags that we're seeing I'm already seeing people who are so awake during the COVID thing they're already starting to rationalize and go into the cognitive dissonance and like I'm seeing how that hope is already become becoming toxic
you know it's really it's Charlie Brown and Lucy and the football and it's Charlie like this will finally be it's Thanksgiving she can't take it away it's Thanksgiving right it's always like this will be the time so we really have to be mindful of where are we placing where are we investing our hope
right?
Because the hope in a rescue fantasy, so many people have a rescue fantasy now on the left and the right, right?
Like everybody has, there's a, there's a, there's a psi op for everybody.
So the rescue fantasy I'm seeing right now with all the, the flip of this pendulum now is that people are like, Oh, these are, these are going to people going to be the people that are going to,
get rid of everything toxic in our food supply, they're going to get rid of these toxic vaccines, they're going to release all the information, they're going to stop the wars, everything is going to be made better now just because that's what they're telling us.
I would love to see good things happen.
I'm not saying that's bad.
But where is your power?
Your power is in your choice.
If you don't like to eat toxins, don't buy toxic food.
Buy organic food.
Buy from local organic farmers who use regenerative farming.
Support that.
If you don't like toxic vaccines, don't take them.
That's your choice.
That is the only place you're going to find power.
So where ought to we invest our hope is in our own healing process, in the hope that if I don't like my life situation, I don't like what's going on, I can make different choices and thereby get different results.
I can have hope in that.
Right?
That's a good place to invest my hope.
And you know what?
I'm not, let's say I go through an abusive experience or I go through a traumatic experience and I realize I'm not feeling the way that I want to feel.
I can have hope that I can heal from that.
Those are good places to invest hope.
But when we externalize our power, that's how they trick us.
They bait us into giving away our sovereignty, into giving away our inner authority, into giving away our power to external sources.
And the result is going to be the same.
What do you, as a neuroscientist, and I should say neurobiologist, I hate the word neuroscience.
As a neurobiologist, I always anthropomorphized the behavior of my mice, thinking about what motivated them.
And when discussing this with colleagues, a lot of times we would generalize to the stress of the animal basically having to have some linear relationship with the amount of uncertainty in its life.
So the more regimented the schedule of light is and the availability of food and water,
the more predictable their cage mates are.
You know, you don't want to have a bunch of dominance relationships changing all the time.
All of these things contribute to the well-being of the animal.
But if you were to boil it down to one word, neuroscience might say that it's uncertainty, that the brain is actually wired to try and make predictions about the future.
And the better the predictions are, the more comfortable we feel in our own shoes.
Does that help at all in terms of, I mean, is that a valid thing in your field or to think about how they might've weaponized that against us?
I guess maybe a good transition now because you had mentioned in the little chat we had before the show that they, did you say militarized fear or they weaponized it?
Yeah, they weaponized the fear.
I'm absolutely certain that they did.
Maybe we can talk a little bit about that, the fear and how uncertainty also contributes to that anxiety.
I mean, and that word also, I think a lot of times people don't understand that you don't have to be afraid so much as just the idea that you're not sure if you can pay rent in two weeks is
is also qualifies as this kind of feeling.
Yeah.
So I think, you know, some psychologists will say that we do need some uncertainty so that we grow, right?
That like a little bit of stress is good because it forces us to evolve and grow.
So that's a good thing.
But this kind of uncertainty where it's like there's so much being thrown at you and all this fear and all this uncertainty about the future, that's collapsing of our nervous system.
And really that uncertainty, what's behind that is the fear, the fear of what's coming.
And I see so many people paralyzed in that uncertainty because it's just too much.
Yeah, I, uh,
I really feel like one of the craziest things that climate change is actually doing to young people, people that are not old enough to have the perspective that you and I both probably do, that there are some people that have been convinced that in a decade, everything could be dead or whatever.
I don't know.
And that level of uncertainty is really hard for me to fathom.
When I was in high school, I certainly was, at least on the longest time horizon, I was already thinking about, you know, when I was retired, what I would be doing.
You know, I was even making jokes about the drugs that I was going to save for retirement and this kind of thing.
And so, I don't know, for me, as a young person, I just remember thinking very differently and certainly I wasn't worried about the world ending.
And now it seems as though we are being regularly told that, well, you know, the old way of nukes is still possible because we're poking a bear over there.
And the new way of viruses is possible because it just almost happened.
And then climate change is coming.
So, I mean, oh my gosh, I mean, how many different ways is it going to happen?
The sun can also have some kind of event apparently that'll burn half the earth.
And so for me,
This part of it has really become absurd.
It's angering because I have three kids.
It is just absolutely angering.
I heard I heard a psychologist a few months ago in a course that I was taking.
She, I think, is part of the American Psychology.
What is that called?
Whatever their APA, I think it's called.
They have a committee on climate science.
And so she was talking about how the man-made fossil fuel driven climate change is really causing all this mental illness in which she said the number one most important thing, in fact I think I have it right here, she said the number one most important thing is believing climate scientists.
I'm like, wow, it's COVID campaign number 2.0.
Right.
And like, literally, that's what they're doing is they're collapsing people into this fear.
In fact, they even brought viruses in there.
I wish I could remember where that was in my notes, but she even brought it in there that somehow climate change is like, it increases, you know, contagious viruses and things like this, like
Oh, it definitely does.
I think EcoHealth Alliance was already saying, actually, that that was part of why there was 1.7 million viruses waiting to jump in 2020, was because climate change was increasing their abundance, but also increasing our interaction with that barrier, you know, where these viruses jump from all the time.
It was an extraordinary
And so why is this in the APA?
Why is this part of psychology?
Because it's behavior change.
It's the behavior science that they're trying to push the behavior change, which is why they got basically the whole psychology institution to do the whole propaganda for COVID.
There were very few people who spoke out because they were terrified of losing their license if they did, or most of them were just completely into that indoctrination.
But why?
Because they want to control the behavior of people.
In fact, there was a memo that a bunch of like the top world renowned trauma trauma experts co-signed on this memo to the Biden administration.
I think it was 2021.
And basically it was about how to talk to trauma survivors who are vaccine hesitant.
And the whole thing was so evil because they're preying upon the trust wound that all trauma survivors have.
And trauma survivors need to learn to trust themselves again.
They don't trust anything.
They don't trust themselves.
They don't trust in the creator.
They don't trust other people because how could this have happened, right?
And so they're working in therapy and whatever they're doing to build that sense of self-trust.
And then they're completely abusing that by trying to talk to them about, well, yeah, of course you have medical trauma or you have racial trauma or you have this trauma and that trauma, but really you should trust us because we're the experts and you should just get vaccinated.
So it was just unbelievable to see how all of this is being weaponized against us.
in every campaign, it's not just the COVID, it's the same playbook that's being used in every campaign.
Now it seems like the climate thing, like how many areas are getting completely destroyed by flooding right now?
And then you see these videos and there's like, seems to be manipulation of the weather happening that's causing that flood to sit on these areas and destroy.
I mean, it was North Carolina, it was Sicily the other day, it was Saudi Arabia.
And Spain was really horrible.
And so when you listen to the media, they're like, this is climate change and it's going to get worse.
And you hear Ursula von der Leyen up there in the EU, like, oh, you know, we could, we're just going to have to send in our help because we got to get used to this.
This is just going to keep happening and worse.
They're horribly traumatizing people.
And like you, you have kids, people, our parents are wondering, you know, how do I help my kids from this?
Because they're being exposed to this constant
propaganda and then kids who go to school system, they'll come home and they'll tell their parents, you know, whatever story propaganda they're hearing.
And then they're mad at the parent because the parents like, well, that that doesn't seem to be true.
It doesn't seem to be based on science.
But because of that peer pressure at school, the kids are getting indoctrinated into that.
And that fear, that weaponized fear, it becomes it basically it corrupts the human operating system, right?
That's our neurological system is our operating system.
And, you know, it's binary, just like, you know, the the technological operating systems that we use.
We created the biology in the image of our we created the technology in the image of our biology.
Right.
So that fear, what it does is it shuts down the nervous system.
It locks us in those states of defensiveness.
Then we don't have access to the emotional attachment system.
And then we don't have access to our higher, our higher consciousness.
I'm scratching your dog.
Yeah, it's it's for me.
I have to I think I said this in the pre chat.
I apologize if I already said it on the video.
that I actually am certain that for nearly two and a half years, I was exactly what I am trying to save people from being now.
I was engaged fully on social media, thinking that despite the best attempt of the government to stop the information, the information was still getting out.
And I was one of the people that was working hard enough to find it.
And I think I was really actively manipulated for a very, very long time into accepting a role.
And if I would have accepted that role, I'd probably be a little more comfortable than I am now.
But it was always, I'm not really sure.
I guess it was because I was always just trying to learn the biology.
and I never really, whatever they were trying to get me to accept never really was an endpoint yet.
I hadn't figured it out yet.
I was sure I hadn't figured it out yet.
So why are you telling me to stop now?
And that, so that's, it's weird because what the Robert Malone video did was kind of, in a way, wake me up to how, you know,
how easily, even if I myself wasn't, or was aware of rather, was aware of what was happening and trying to categorize it, tell everybody so that I could share my experience, how easily it could be used against me, both
both just like you said with a disingenuous edit, but more importantly if I think back to all the off-air time, all the time with my kids, all the time that time is also polluted by this anxiety that was created through the
I don't know, it's a combination of maybe embarrassment and frustration, and why aren't these people listening to me, and I'm right first, and I had it right a long time ago, why don't you tell me that I had it right?
These kinds of traps are pretty easy to fall into if you accept that social media is some kind of useful communication medium.
that you can make friends there or date or whatever.
I don't know what I was thinking, but I was treating it as though if it was just me in a bar and seeing the same people in the bar over and over.
And as you said earlier, which I really liked a lot, we have to verify reality together.
And social media creates the illusion of doing that, but you're actually not at all doing that.
And in fact, you might be verifying a false reality with other people who are doing it to you on purpose.
I really like that phrase a lot to verify reality together.
That's what scientists were supposed to be doing.
But of course, they're not.
Yeah.
Leaving social media was one of the best investments in my mental health that I've ever made.
I got off Facebook, Instagram, like around I think it was the end of 2021.
I don't even remember now.
It's been so long.
I had no idea.
We don't realize when we're in that, like how much it programs our nervous system.
in a very very insidious way because you don't even realize and also how it teaches us to like instantly judge something that somebody says like somebody says something and like and I'm not saying I'm immune to that but like there's like this instant I want to fight that I want to I want to say no no no like like you were talking about right like I know right and wrong
We all have these these what we call these pitfalls of the ego where, you know, we all could fall into those traps.
So it's good that we continually self-examine.
But getting off those sites was such a good investment in my mental health for so many reasons.
and continually talking, talking to people who wanna hear, but not trying to convince people who don't wanna know or whatever.
And also continually reevaluating my own beliefs, my own perspectives, because maybe I'm wrong on some things too.
And how people can get used as pawns in that, one, when we don't even know that what we're saying is a lie,
But then as we were talking earlier, I think maybe before we started recording was how different people and groups of people can get kind of funneled into these campaigns or who knows who's funding that.
But it does seem to be like there's like a billionaire class that is funding like a whole lot of different campaigns and they'll fund both sides of everything because you always win when you fund both sides.
but basically it's like that the whole all the narratives are are kind of being controlled in some kind of way from the top and so sometimes people are knowingly actively enabling that and maybe because they think they're right or maybe because they got tricked into it
through the weapon of flattery.
There's a fantastic book called Outwitting the Devil by Napoleon Hill.
I highly recommend people read this.
Basically, he's having an imaginary conversation with the devil to understand the tactics of the dark forces used to control humanity.
And there's this part on flattery, I have it here.
He says, flattery is a bait of incomparable value to all who wish to gain control over others.
It has powerful pulling qualities because it operates through two of the most common human weaknesses, vanity and egotism.
There's a certain amount of vanity and egotism in everyone.
In some people, these qualities are so pronounced, they may literally serve as a rope by which one may be bound.
The best of all ropes is flattery.
So we ought to be cautious of that.
I think some people get pulled into those roles based on flattery.
Are you going to be a hero?
Are you going to be the next like big thing?
Don't you want to make a difference?
You could be special.
Right.
And I definitely was.
I definitely was.
I have a I have a hard question.
I don't know if it's something you've thought about before, but but in retrospect, in 2020.
If what I'm saying is true and what a lot of other people have said before me is true and that this was probably not a pandemic that went through white-tailed deer and all this other stuff, what
What is the, I mean, maybe a better question, have you ever, have you ever heard of this game with werewolves, where these people are, are the hidden, the hidden bad guys and then you're sitting in a corner and you're supposed to vote people out and
Anyway, the point is that there's a number of different games, there's a number of different experiments where, you know, the Milgram experiment and the other one where it's basically people are lying.
They're pretending to answer a question wrong, or they're pretending to agree, or they think they're shocking somebody.
And so there is this
an illusion of consensus gets created where the the experimenter is lying to the person and and also the maybe the person who's who's supposed pretending to be also part of the experiment is lying to that person so if if you as a psychologist were going to try and do this
would it seem to me that the best thing would be to just have people ready?
To have people ready?
You just said a minute ago that they seem to be controlling the narrative.
So if they were gonna pull this off in 2020, it seems like they would have had to put people on the internet in 2019 and get them all ready with their podcasts and then have them have little pieces of the puzzle that they could wave around and say, hey, look at me, I know what's going on.
And as long as all of those pieces of the puzzle were rolled out at the right timing, right?
With the right opposition over there or the right, you know, oh no, not, you know, Rand Paul and Tony Fauci could do it, but also somebody like Brett Weinstein and Joe Rogan could do it and put these ideas out there.
And then no matter which way you go in the internet, you stumble over this thing called ivermectin.
And it seems like everybody agrees that it's something that everybody should have in their,
medicine cabinet.
And so for me, the frightening thing is what you just said, which is what if there isn't any truth available on social media?
What if essentially you and I having this conversation is one thing, but you and I finding each other on social media doesn't happen, won't happen, never will, because it's not possible there.
And so, I mean, how many other Meredith Millers have you met in the course of the pandemic?
There must be someone out there that has a similar tact on things.
I've never met another biologist that also says, you know what?
I think this RNA thing is crazy because DNA is supposed to be magic.
So how can RNA be magic?
And no one else, I've never met anyone.
And so have you met anyone?
you know, that's trying to pull on the same ropes as you or trying to help people in the same way?
No, not exactly.
Though, you know, we were talking about the truth and stuff and like that's one of the dark forces tactics is a drop of truth or some truth and a whole bunch of lies around it.
And so that's what we have to be able to hold the nuance and use the discernment to decipher out like what feels like truth.
then use our analytical skills to verify, does this appear to be true, right?
And not just take the whole package as one, right?
Each of us are humans, we're all fallible.
We may say some things that are true and some things that are not true.
We might fully believe that all of that's true.
It may not be deceptive.
It's interesting too, you were talking about 2019.
I talked to somebody who lived in Sedona and she said in 2019, she was part of like the freedom movement or whatever you want to call it.
she said actually it started in 2019 she said in 2019 we had this community and all of a sudden there were these infiltrators way before anybody heard of covid 2019 and i was like whoa that just like gave me chills because i was like they did plan that just like you said long in advance and probably it happened on the internet too we just weren't paying attention because we were paying attention to whatever donald trump or whatever you know they were driving
Absolutely.
I think, I mean, yes, absolutely.
We were still thinking that Bernie Sanders might get to be the nominee and stuff like that.
I mean, absolutely, absolutely.
I mean, there's a lot of these people who have been in front of the Senate, whose podcasts did start in 2019, like at the end of 2019.
There's a lot of them now that have gone from, you know,
Nowhere to having a podcast, to being censored and then being uncensored and then getting a Tucker Carlson appearance where they get to complain about being demonetized.
And it's, it's extraordinary really, if you think about it, how easy it is for them to make it seem like somebody is just kind of spontaneously rising because they had a good thing to say.
Um, when, uh,
Yeah.
Now we, we, I just, I still can't believe they're doing it.
I mean, last night there was a little microcosm of this.
Um, and I hope that when I, when I tell you what I stayed up late last night to watch, you will have no idea that it happened, but you're in Texas, right?
I'm in Oklahoma now, Oklahoma now, because every, every twice now in this interview, you've slipped just a brief, I heard an accent, but, um,
In Texas, I think it was in Dallas last night, Mike Tyson had a fight.
You remember?
Do you know that?
I heard Arlington.
Yeah.
And it was exactly what you could imagine it was.
I think it was just an elaborate stunt.
You know, everybody makes money.
Everybody's happy.
Nobody risked anything.
And it was a big media thing where it went back and forth.
It really felt like you were
You were, everybody bet money on Mike Tyson, you know, and all the betting apps were available and all this other stuff.
But again, it's one of these things where on TV, they have fake wrestling, everything's fine with it.
They have fake boxing, everything is fine with it.
They have fake talk shows, and as long as they don't talk about anything important, who cares?
It's fine.
Sunscreen, yes.
Sunscreen, no.
Who gives a darn?
But what I think is so extraordinary
is that somehow or another, I went into the pandemic believing they would never do anything like that about something serious.
Like, you know, maybe marital affairs, they lie about that, but they would never lie about biology.
That would be crazy.
And that's the part for me that is, it's still part of my growth path.
I still feel like now really what, how I get myself out of this is really to learn
Verify reality with with my fellow biologists and and make sure that that I don't pass this mythology onto my kids that I don't leave my kids You know, I guess my parents bequeathed me the the newspapers and the TV and the NIH and and the Senate and and
I don't know, maybe even Mitch McConnell and Nancy Pelosi, because they were there when our parents were there, and they were still there when we were adults, and we all just were like, oh, well.
But in reality, that shouldn't have happened.
That just should have been a very big red flag for us.
And so I was just naive like the rest of us, I think.
I just had no idea that they would lie about as much as they possibly could.
I think that's the best way to characterize it.
They will lie about as much as they possibly can.
And in the case of global governance and the potential to do it, I think they would lie about everything that they can get away with.
Yeah, I guess that for me is where this what to do about it next comes in, because I still feel compelled to try and
I don't know, shed light in different parts of the cave so that people can see it again.
And I don't want people to forget.
I'm afraid that right now social media also creates this thing where our time horizons are very, very short.
We're only thinking about tonight or tomorrow or maybe next week, but
we're not really thinking about next month or we're not thinking about how to make our job better or where we're gonna, I just, for me, that's also been a real awakening to try and get myself to stop thinking on the timeframe that social media wanted me and had me thinking on with this really short attention span and most importantly, no planning at all.
All of these things I think are really consequences of that occupation of our mind.
I don't know, I had a question there and then it didn't come out.
It is hard, I think, to like you were talking about the youngsters, you know, when we were growing up, we were getting out of college.
It's like, what's your five year plan?
What's your 10 year plan?
And it is really hard to have a five year plan right now, because how do you know what the world is going to look like five years from now?
Even all of that aside, that just happened.
But like in terms of the technology and how we're like getting into like the vertical part of the curve, you know, where things are happening so quickly,
We really don't know what the world is going to look like in five years.
Do you think they do?
Do you think that we're really just on a script and it feels like it's a roller coaster, but in reality, all these other people are just like, okay, so 45 minutes from now, the next thing's coming and they know.
And so they're not really worried.
They just have to fake being worried.
I mean,
I think they have their scripts and their plans, but they're also just humans like we are.
And there's so many things that are out of our control, like the sun, like the earth, like things that are happening that are out of our control, or even just the element of shock and surprise.
I don't know if you give any credence to astrology, but we're now entering, as of a few days from now, Pluto is moving into Aquarius for the next 20 years.
We've had a little bit of glimpse of this here and there.
since the spring of 23.
But the next 20 years with Pluto and Aquarius, like, we're just gonna see shocking... Wait, is that good for Aquarius or bad for Aquarius?
So it's transformational.
So it depends how you deal with it.
Do you evolve and transform and how do you flow with the surprising changes that are coming?
It could be amazing, right?
Or it could just crush you if you avoid it.
And then for everybody else, it doesn't matter?
And I'm not being a creep.
It matters for everybody.
It matters for all of us.
And so we all have a Pluto placement in our charts.
And one astrologer, Stephen Forrest, he says, Pluto can also be our navigational error.
It's transformation, all that.
But it could also be our navigational error, like putting a metal can next to a compass and your boat starts going one degree in the wrong way and you don't notice it.
But before long, you're in a whole other different place.
in the ocean.
But the Pluto in Aquarius, it's also like a generational, it's also like the large societal things because these are the long shifts.
And so we just went through that Pluto and Capricorn from 2008 until now.
And Capricorn is all about the systems, the structure, the power in the world, governments, corporations, all of that is collapsing and like drastically changing, even like the money system.
is massively changing.
And the last time, you know, it takes almost 250 years, the last time was 1778.
And we can look at what was happening in the world at that time.
There was massive shifts in power and things going on in the world.
That was the American Revolution, the French Revolution, lots of stuff happening.
But
we have no idea what's coming because it's Aquarius.
And now we have the technological element of all of this.
So we could see massive changes and we need to be able to flow.
We need to be able to evolve and we need to be able to navigate the liminal spaces between the old world and the new world and all this uncertainty and be able to adapt to the changes that are happening because a lot of it is going to be out of our control.
Did you say luminal spaces?
Liminal.
Liminal spaces.
Yeah, the liminal spaces are like those in-between states where we're in between the old and the new and that's why everybody is so confused and nothing feels real anymore and nobody really knows where we are and so many people don't know how to move forward but we also can't go back.
There's no more going back to normal or how things were because we're in this transformational process.
Wow, that was a pretty hardcore statement there.
There's no going back to the way they were.
I was hoping that my son would, I want to put things back to the way they were.
Have you heard of this, is it a Greek story, Ovid?
Ovid, Ovid, O-V-I-D.
I think it's a Greek story.
Some people say COVID is actually Ovid.
O-V-I-D, you should look it up.
It's also kind of a story about transformation.
I'm not a very good person about it, but somebody just dropped it in the chat and reminded me of that.
So I'm an Aquarius.
Does that mean that the fourth turning is actually a zodiac phenomenon?
Do you know of the fourth turning also?
That was another joke.
I don't know a lot about that, but I'm a terrible, I'm a terrible comedian.
I do think there's, I think there's something about these larger patterns that happen in society and in our world.
Well, I, I have to believe that even if those patterns, um,
they aren't spontaneous, they are definitely used to govern us.
I mean, there's no question that the, and that's the part that frustrates me most about the discussion of AI and social media is that it discounts the idea that someone like Edward Bernays in 1920 already said that the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized opinions and habits of the masses
is essential to their governance.
They already knew that.
And so even when they just had newspapers and leaflets, they already knew that.
So there's no question that back then, the way they would have done it is put different people in different bars and have them tell elaborate stories to a group of people and then have them all go home and tell their friends the next day.
And so the same thing is being done now, but in a much more militarized and sort of surgical fashion.
What as a psychologist, if you were to turn this around and you were offered
$10 billion and you took it, what would you tweak about the current system to make it even more effective at governing us?
Can you remind me?
I'm not a psychologist.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, OK, sorry.
But then using that hat, and more importantly, I think your experience and as you process the pandemic as I did,
Can you think of how this could get worse?
For example, I mean, maybe just this is an easy one.
If they could have digital currency to help nudge our behavior, is that an obvious thing?
Is there any other kind of malevolence you can imagine or foresee coming?
Yeah, I was going to say like the digital slavery system right now would be a big, huge part of it.
It seems like that may be the plan that they have, but I don't know that they're going to be successful.
And if so, it would probably be very short lived because of that absolutely uncontrollable, uncertain aspect of Aquarius that
they're not really going to be in control.
You know, like that's that's a delusions of grandeur.
The less significance we give them, the better, because they're not actually afraid of us saying bad things about them or throwing them in jail and things like that.
They're most afraid of insignificance.
Wow.
I like that a lot.
Actually, the psychopath anti-communists are they use humor, right?
You're supposed to make fun of your enemies.
Maybe I'm being silly there when I say that, but I like that a lot.
And I actually think that there's something to be said for it is in their best interest for us to believe that they can control the weather and cause floods and cause crops to fail and do whatever they do, because then that will make us feel even more helpless, right?
Maybe there's some truth to that.
But like you said, though, there's more than that.
So like there's also something happening on the planet that has seems to be in some kind of natural cycle that has history and it's happened many times.
And they would love to make us believe that it's our fault while they want us to.
You know, the other side of that is that it's all them controlling the weather because then they're all powerful.
Right, and we're just the the peasants that are had fault for everything So I think I think the truth is probably very nuanced and it probably has layers of it But I think the most important thing is that we stop giving them so much power.
We give them so much power We take them entirely too seriously, and that's exactly what they want whether for good or bad right whether we're
idealizing them and they're our heroes and our saviors or whether we're demonizing them and they're like the worst thing.
Either way we're giving them significance and there's this guy HG Tudor, he's a self-proclaimed narcissistic sociopath and he puts a lot of information out
about narcissism and psychopathy and what he said, he calls it fuel.
We also call it narcissistic supply.
But he says that the negative source of fuel, like all of your negative emotions is more valuable to the narcissist and the psychopath than your adulation of them.
So the more negative energy we send to them, the more it feeds them and the more significance it gives them because either way they have control of us.
Yeah.
Well, my friend has said many times to me that you can't beat evil by calling it out, because then you speak it into existence more by doing that.
So I've heard this, I feel it.
Is there a way forward then?
Are you running for office in Oklahoma?
Should I run for office in Pennsylvania?
And then once we all get a seat in Congress, everything will be fine.
How do we get out of this?
Is it really just small communities?
No.
Yeah, I think I think it's going to be connecting with small communities, and that may not necessarily be like a physical community that you create.
It may be like connections with people and network that you create.
I don't see there's any way to fix the system.
The system is set up to defend the system.
The system will defend the status quo.
You can move everybody out and move new people in.
And I think we're going to see the same thing happening.
And I think the whole idea of voting, like it's this perceived power that we have.
I don't vote.
I don't think, and people might be mad at me and I'm not telling anybody what they have to do.
I'm not saying I'm right and everybody's wrong, but why I don't vote is I think if it really gave us power, they wouldn't let us do it.
Yeah, but now you can't complain for four years, Meredith.
You're not allowed to say anything.
I don't think that's going to change anything.
And I think it's a way of every, you know, every how many years it's like, oh, this is the time where I'm going to make a difference.
And, oh, this is the time where my candidates going to change things.
I just don't think it's going to happen.
I think the system is going to perpetuate itself.
We may see some positive changes.
I'm not entirely negative about that, but I think the real power is in our choices and coming back to the self and the responsibility of our choices and recognizing that's all we have control over.
Wow, I'm really happy we had this conversation because I tell you when I first
When I first saw your face in that video, I was like, what in the, what is going on?
I don't even know.
I, I had to reorient, like how many years ago was it?
What in the world is going on?
And, and all I know is that I've been, I've been chasing a lot of these ghosts for a long time.
Um, and trying to call attention to how I think I myself was manipulated.
Um, but, uh, it was this really this video that, that.
showed me exactly how long I'd been trapped, how far I've gone.
And maybe even also how close we are to neutralizing this.
I really think that this was kind of a desperate move.
I think they hoped that I would maybe, I don't know, go nuts or make many, many shows about it.
And again, you know, maybe do a few more hours on Robert or somebody else.
And I think
I think if what comes of it is less attention and more focus on the stuff that I think is important.
I think it'll actually be a net gain.
And certainly it's a net gain because we reconnected.
I'm really happy that this happened.
I don't know, I'm feeling like I wanna keep it close to an hour.
That's why I'm sort of wrapping it up.
I don't wanna take too much of your time.
But if you could just mention, so I was actually scared.
I'm gonna switch over to here for a second because it's just funny.
I don't think, can you see yourself now also Meredith?
Okay.
So Meredith said that she was in the Canary book and I freaked out at first in the pre-show thing because this Canary book, yeah, the second one, the first Canary book has a lot of people in it that I have been chasing around and waving at and following.
And so when she said that she was in the Canary book, and did I have the Canary book?
I was like, Oh, no.
But no, there's a second Canary book.
So I have to get that.
And you also are working on your own book, I understand, which is also very exciting.
I, I have the feeling at some point in time, people have been telling me I should do that, too.
Although I don't really know what that means.
But
How long have you been working and do you have a work flow already?
Do you get up in the morning and write for an hour irrespective of what comes out?
Do you have some other strategy?
How did you get started?
So I started writing the book right when I was giving those presentations on these topics over the last few years.
And so it's going to be two parts.
The first part is the presentation I gave when we talked in 22, I think it was.
And the second part is what I'm talking about now.
And that's more about healing the trauma and transforming these wounds into a legacy of light so that we don't pass forward this burden to the new generations.
Because if we don't heal this trauma,
This is going to lead to a very dark place for humanity in the future.
This is a huge responsibility we have that we can transmute those wounds into resilience that we pass forward or we could pass forward the unresolved trauma.
But so the first part is on the state of captivity, which is basically the Stockholm syndrome.
And the second part is what we can do about that now.
And I just got the book contract about a month ago or so.
It's due in April.
I'm probably going to finish it early.
I don't work well with like a one-hour thing.
When I do creative stuff, I have certain days a week that I do sessions, certain days a week that are creative, and I have my whole self-care routine as well.
But I have to block chunks of time for myself, like several hours of time.
Otherwise, I can't get into that creative state.
if I know I have a call or something else and I have to completely shut off the phone, shut off the email, like it's just, it's full on in that.
And sometimes I'll go to cigar lounges with my laptop and work there and smoke a cigar and nicotine actually really helps with the focus process.
And sometimes I'll have interesting conversations with people, but.
Have you ever tried a pipe?
Actually, people make the joke, but I think it's real.
A cigar is like a black and white television and color TV is a pipe.
So there are some very great tobaccos out there.
And if you're into that and you're
Because anybody that's listening to this, you don't inhale a cigar generally, you don't inhale a pipe.
The nicotine is coming in primarily to the epithelium of your mouth and it's a little less impactual unless you do it wrong.
But more importantly, I do agree.
That was one of the main reasons why I was a smoker was because an afternoon coffee and cigarette was, I can still think about it now and my brain's like, that's not that bad of an idea, but I don't do that anymore.
But yeah, it's an interesting thing and we know those wheels turn well.
I'm excited to hear that because for me, I think it's always inspiring to hear that people got started and are doing it and getting there.
And now you have the optimism to say you think you'll be done early, which is pretty badass.
I think that's really cool.
Is there anything else you'd like to share with my audience or anything else you'd like to mention or something that I missed?
I mean, we're not in a rush to end.
Not really, unless y'all want to check out the new Canary book.
There's some really, I only read about five or six essays so far.
Catherine Austin Fitz was really interesting.
She wrote about like the money aspect for the Gina side.
And going back way before 2020, Margaret Anna Alice's was amazing.
It was on the why.
And she asked all these questions like, why did this happen?
Why did that happen?
There are some other really interesting ones in there, too.
I really recommend checking that out.
It just came out.
I think it's a number one new release in a couple different categories right now.
How many thought leaders are in that one?
This one had 34.
This one has 37.
Okay.
It's a big book.
Wow.
Right on.
This one has some real winners in it, so I'm looking forward to that one.
Maybe I'll get in the third edition.
You never know.
Thank you very much, Meredith, for joining me and taking the time to not talk about Robert Malone.
Thanks for inviting me, JJ.
You're very welcome.
See you soon.
Okay, I'm gonna click end there.
Adios.
I'm not really sure what to say other than we're making progress.
We're making a lot of progress.
I am very excited about the progress, sorry, progress that we're making.
And I am very excited about tomorrow.
I'm presenting at the Red Pill at three o'clock.
And I will stream it here live as well.
They wanted me to stream it on Twitter, but I'm not a member of Twitter, so I can't do that.
That was really weird.
Um, so I'll stream it live here.
It'll also be live with the red pill.
Um, don't tell anybody, but I don't really know what I'm going to present tomorrow yet.
I'm supposed to present about all the reasons why we get sick.
Um, and, uh, so I, I got to put together a slideshow.
Um, and so I'm not going to the basketball court today because of putting that slideshow together, but I made the first raw recordings of, um, uh,
The first raw recordings of JC on the hardwood.
And I think it turned out a lot better than I thought it did.
I need to mix down the sound and do the cutting.
But I think I'll have something on the internet probably tomorrow.
I don't know how that's going to happen with Red Pill, but it's probably going to happen because once I start editing a video, I can't really go to bed.
Which is one of the reasons why I stopped editing videos a long time ago.
I really like doing it but perfect gets in the way of good but we'll see.
I'm really excited about starting a new YouTube channel where we're going to discuss a lot of this biology but in the context of the basketball court and so maybe it will be less intimidating and it will be less
It will be less, I don't know, it'll be less something.
Maybe it'll be easier for some people to grasp, some people to accept, some people to think about.
I don't really know.
I might do a recap of this in the sense of add a little bit of work with the calendar and that kind of thing to put this
really into context that he used clips of Kevin McCarren and used a real shout out to the anonymous mice.
This was a gigantic admission by team Robert Malone that they have been coordinating their actions on social media for quite some time.
And that a lot of them have focused a lot of time on me, which is really very fun because it really actually means that Papa's not crazy.
Hold on one second.
I'm just gonna make a phone call here and see if I can give a quick shout out upstairs.
Hold on one second, please.
So, um, it's going to take a second and then I'll, uh, I'll let it go.
Make this disappear.
Thank you very much again everybody for having the patience that it requires sometimes to follow me and to support me.
This week I was asked to do some consulting work and so I put in a few hours this week that will probably help my family financially quite a bit in the next month or two and get us over the line on that thing.
Thank you very much.
And we have a new little demon in our household.
This is Micah.
So we have a red dog named Ruby, and now we have a white dog named Micah.
And Micah is,
About 10 weeks old now.
Micah is almost potty trained already.
He goes over to the door.
You got to make sure you open it.
Otherwise, it doesn't go.
Nay, nay, nay.
Don't get down yet.
But he's very cute.
He's a very good boy.
And Ruby and him, when they play, it is absolutely magical.
We almost lost Ruby this year, so we thought that it was appropriate that she have a chance to teach somebody.
So Mike is a little guy, but when he gets big, he's going to be Big Mike.
And when I figured out that we were going to have a dog named Big Mike, I got very, very excited.
So this is little Mike now.
But he'll be Big Mike in a couple years.
So anyway, happy for Ruby, happy for us.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you guys again tomorrow for the Red Pill Show.
I'm a little nervous, but I'll get there.
We'll get there.
Thank you very much.
And I'll see you guys again soon.
There's the current slide.
It's gigaohmbiological.com if you want to support and stream.gigaohm.bio if you want to share.
Thanks very much.
The boys and the girls, the kids really love that dog boy.
It's pretty cool.
And Ruby likes him.
And yeah, it was the right time, the right idea.
Um, and so, uh, yeah, we are, we are really blessed in this house.
Um, so thank you everybody that supports this work.
Thank you for sharing.
Um, thank you for having the patience for me to get this restarted after the, the live live event.
Um, and, uh, Oh, thank you for joining me.
See you again tomorrow.
3 o'clock tomorrow.
3 o'clock.
3 o'clock Eastern Time tomorrow.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!